# Android Integration

> Note: The following documents assume that you already have some experience with Android development.

This tutorial describes how to integrate Hippy into your Android project.

# Preliminary Preparation

- JDK version>=1.7 is installed and environment variables are configured
- The latest version of Android Studio is already installed.
- You need to install NDK, CMAKE, gradle and related plugins before running the demo project.

# Demo Experience

If you want to experience it quickly, you can develop it directly based on our [Android Demo](https://github.com/Tencent/Hippy/tree/master/examples/android-demo)

# Quick Integration

1. Create an Android project

2. Local integration

    - [Demo](//github.com/Tencent/Hippy/tree/master/examples/android-demo) Project run Gradle Task `other => assembleRelease` or `other => assembleDebug` will generate `release` or `debug` mode `android-sdk.aar` in the `android\sdk\build\outputs\aar` directory. Then  copy `android-sdk.aar` to your project's `libs` directory.

    !> The AAR generated by the `assembleRelease` task does not carry the `inspector` module by default, so you cannot debug the code on the front-end via Devtools.

    - Configure the build.gradle

   ```java
    api (name:'android-sdk', ext:'aar')
    // The glide and support-v4 are mainly used to pull image resources in the demo, but you can also use your own triple library to handle image requests.
    api 'com.github.bumptech.glide:glide:3.6.1'
    api 'com.android.support:support-v4:28.0.0'

3. Maven integration (optional)

    - Check [Maven Central Hippy version](https://search.maven.org/search?q=com.tencent.hippy), where `hippy-common` is the `release` version (does not carry `inspector`) and `hippy-debug` is the `debug` version

    - Configure build.gradle

   ```java
    // api 'com.tencent.hippy:hippy-debug:1.0.0'
    api 'com.tencent.hippy:hippy-common:1.0.0'
    // The glide and support-v4 are mainly for pulling image resources in the demo, but you can use your own third-party library to handle image requests.
    api 'com.github.bumptech.glide:glide:3.6.1'
    api 'com.android.support:support-v4:28.0.0'
   ```

4. inherit `HippyImageLoader` and implement your own image loader, you can refer to [Demo](//github.com/Tencent/Hippy/tree/master/examples/android-demo) project in `MyImageLoader` implementation.

5. add engine initialization and `hippyRootView` mounting logic in the host APP project, please refer to [Demo](//github.com/Tencent/Hippy/tree/master/examples/android-demo) project implementation of `MyActivity`.
